I want to convert all payout commands into one command: /admin_payout, which will be an interactive UI with buttons. I want the embed that appears when the command is ran to be ephemeral, and this command should only be accessible by a user with administrator privileges in the server. The embed itself should have a "grass" green background with black lettering. I want the embed to feature buttons that can be clicked which will progress to various menus. 

The embed should have the following buttons: 

(GROUPED TOGETHER ON ONE ACTION ROW:)
GOTW Voting (operates the same as /admin payout_gotw) [should be a red button with white text]
POTW Winners (operates the same as /admin payout_potw) [should be a blue button with white text]
Issue One-Time Payout (should work the same as /admin add_coins command) [Dark Green button with white text]
Deduct Coins (should work the same as /admin remove_coins command) [Red button with white text]
Transfer Coins (command should require the input of 2 users in-guild, a sender & receiver, and will deduct the coins from the sender and move them to the receiver) [white button with black text]

(GROUPED TOGETHER ON ONE ACTION ROW:)
Issue Game Payout (operates similar to /admin-manualscore, which can be deleted once this is installed) [should be a white button with black text]
Correct Game Payout (operates similar to /admin-reverse-game, which can be deleted once this is installed) [should be a yellow button with black text]
Set Game Payouts (Reg/Playoffs) (operates as a command that allows you to set the H2H and CPU game payouts, as well as bonus payouts for the playoff games) [should be a blue button with black text]


(GROUPED TOGETHER ON ONE ACTION ROW:)
Set New Member Bonus (allows admin to input an amount into a numbers-only text box, capped at 3 numbers, converts numbers to integer and stores in guild-specific memory as "New Member Bonus" which will be called when a new user is linked to a team in a guild) [should be white button with Blue text]
Set GOTW Guess Bonus (allows admin to input an amount into a numbers-only text box, capped at 2 numbers, converts numbers to integer and stores in guild-specific memory wherever the current gotw bonus amount is stored and called when a gotw payout is issued in the guild) [should be white button with red text]
Set POTW Winner Bonus (allows admin to input an amount into a numbers-only text box, capped at 2 numbers, converts numbers to integer and stores in guild-specific memory whereever the current potw winner bonus amount is stored and should be called when a potw payout is issued) [should be white button with Blue text]
Set End Of Season Payouts and Tiers (should function the same as the /admin set_eos_payout_settings command and both the set_eos_payout_settings and /admin view_eos_payout_settings commands can be deleted) [Should be a white button with black text]
Set Milestone Payouts and Tiers (should function as a command that allows the admin to set the career win milestone tier win qualifiers as well as the designated payout that is triggered when the milestone win totals are achieved) [White button with black text]


once these commands are installed and developed, the /admin add_coins and /admin remove_coins can be deleted for redundancy. 

The workflow for each button when clicked is as follows:

GOTW Voting > Opens a menu featuring two dropdowns - AFC & NFC, should be split according to the linked users in the AFC conference and NFC conferences. If a team is not linked to a user, they should not display in the dropdowns. An admin can select multiple teams from each dropdown before clicking a white button with black text titled "Finalize Payouts". There should be a second button titled "Cancel" that is red with white text which will end the function and close the menu. The selected teams/users will receive the GOTW correct guess payouts just as if the payout_gotw command had been run when the Finalize Payouts button is clicked. The payout_gotw command can be deleted once this code has been copied over. 

POTW Winners > Opens a menu that will allow the admin to input up to 4 users @nicknames. Should feature a white button with black text titled "Finalize Payouts". There should be a second button titled "Cancel" that is red with white text which will end the function and close the menu. The users who are input will receive the POTW bonus just as if the payout_potw command had been run when the Finalize Payouts button is clicked. The payout_potw command can be deleted once this code has been copied over. 

Issue One-Time Payout > Opens a dropdown menu just as the GOTW voting does above, where the admin can select up to 16 users from each conferences dropdown menu and input an amount into another field, and allow a text input for a Reason field. The menu should feature 2 buttons, a white button with black text titled "Finalize Payouts". There should be a second button titled "Cancel" that is red with white text which will end the function and close the menu; should work the same as /admin add_coins command when Finalize Payouts is clicked) 

Deduct Coins > opens a menu exactly like the "Issue One-Time Payout" menu where users are seleected via dropdown and everything should be exactly the same, except the number amount entered should be converted to a negative as this command will deduct coins from users. Should have the same 2 buttons except the "Finalize Payouts" button should be titled "Finalize Deductions" (should work the same as /admin remove_coins command when Finalize Deductions is clicked)

Transfer Coins > opens a menu that allows the admin to select from the same dropdown menu as above, however, only up to 2 users can be selected. they can be either 2 from the same conference dropdown or from separate dropdowns, but limited to 2 total selections. the menu should advise the admin that the first user selected is the one who will have coins deducted and the second user selected is the one who will receive those coins. an input field should be allowed for an amount. Should have the same 2 buttons except the "Finalize Payouts" button should be titled "Finalize Transfer". command will deduct the coins from the sender and move them to the receiver). 

Issue Game Payout > opens menu that asks the user to select a game from a dropdown and the dropdown should be populated with the current weeks matchups. the menu should then progress to a screen that shows the away team and home teams with their users @nicknames in guild, and will ask you to click a button next to the winners name, at which point it will ask for the point differential in a numerical field.  this number should be capped at 3 digits. The menu should feature 2 buttons, a white button with black text titled "Finalize Payouts". There should be a second button titled "Cancel" that is red with white text which will end the function and close the menu. operates similar to /admin-manualscore, which can be deleted once this is installed)

Correct Game Payout > opens menu that asks the user to select a week from a dropdown menu, at which point the dropdown will populate only with the current season weeks that have already passed and up to the current week that the guild is set to, all the way to the superbowl week from week 1 of the regular season. once a week is selected, the menu should autoprogress to another dropdown where the admin will select a game from a dropdown and the dropdown should be populated with the selected weeks matchups. the menu should then progress to a screen that shows the away team and home teams with their users @nicknames in guild, and will ask you to click a button next to the winners name, at which point it will ask for the point differential in a numerical field. this number should be capped at 3 digits. The menu should feature 2 buttons, a white button with black text titled "Finalize Payouts". There should be a second button titled "Cancel" that is red with white text which will end the function and close the menu. operates similar to /admin-manualscore, which can be deleted once this is installed) [should be a white button with black text]

Set Weekly Payouts (Reg/Playoffs) > opens a menu that allows an admin to click one of three buttons: Regular Season (white button with black text), Playoffs (Black button with white text), Cancel (red button with white text). If Regular Season is clicked, the menu changes to various input fields where the admin enters numeric integers capped at 3 numbers for different items. Those fields can be pageinated if needed to allow for all fields as follows: CPU Game Winner, H2H Game Winner, H2H Game Loser, Streams, Highlights, Highlight Weekly Cap. operates as a command that allows you to set the H2H and CPU game payouts for regular season as well as stream payout amount and highlight payout amount per highlight and The number of highlight payouts a user is capped to per week (currently set to 2 as default); The menu should feature 2 buttons, a white button with black text titled "Finalize Changes". There should be a second button titled "Cancel" that is red with white text which will end the function and close the menu. The Playoffs button, when clicked, will take you to a different screen that allows for inputs just as regular season did. However the input fields for this screen are as follows: Playoff CPU Win, Playoff H2H Win, Playoff H2H Loss, Wildcard Bonus, Divisional Bonus, Conference Winner Bonus, Conference Runner Up Bonus, Superbowl Winner Bonus, Superbowl Runner Up Bonus, Streams, Highlights, and Highlight Weekly Cap and operates as a command that allows you to set the H2H and CPU game payouts for playoffs as well as stream payout amount and highlight payout amount per highlight and The number of highlight payouts a user is capped to per week (currently set to 2 as default); The menu should feature 2 buttons, a white button with black text titled "Finalize Changes". There should be a second button titled "Cancel" that is red with white text which will end the function and close the menu.

The updated w/l, point differentials and coin balances should be updated appropriately after these commands are "Finalized". when the Issue Game Payout command is ran payouts should be issued for H2H (2 Users) and CPU (User/CPU) matchups just as they are now when scores are submitted, with the amounts set by admin in-guild. 

Set New Member Bonus > opens a menu that allows admin to input an amount into a numbers-only text box, capped at 3 numbers, converts numbers to integer and stores in guild-specific memory as "New Member Bonus" which will be called when a new user is linked to a team in a guild) The menu should feature 2 buttons, a white button with black text titled "Finalize Changes". There should be a second button titled "Cancel" that is red with white text which will end the function and close the menu.

Set GOTW Guess Bonus > opens a menu that allows admin to input an amount into a numbers-only text box, capped at 2 numbers, converts numbers to integer and stores in guild-specific memory wherever the current gotw bonus amount is stored and called when a gotw payout is issued in the guild. The menu should feature 2 buttons, a white button with black text titled "Finalize Changes". There should be a second button titled "Cancel" that is red with white text which will end the function and close the menu.
 
Set POTW Winner Bonus > opens a menu that allows admin to input an amount into a numbers-only text box, capped at 2 numbers, converts numbers to integer and stores in guild-specific memory whereever the current potw winner bonus amount is stored and should be called when a potw payout is issued. The menu should feature 2 buttons, a white button with black text titled "Finalize Changes". There should be a second button titled "Cancel" that is red with white text which will end the function and close the menu.

Set End Of Season Payouts and Tiers > opens a menu that should function the same as the /admin set_eos_payout_settings command and the view_eos_payout settings command. When the menu opens, it should have the current end of season tiers and payouts listed one on each row with a button next to the row and The button should be red with white text and should say "EDIT", and a "Cancel" button at the bottom of the message which will end the command and close the message. The data can be pageinated in order to fit all the various payout categories and tiers. If an admin clicks the edit button, then a pop up will display that payouts current tiers and amounts in the pop up, and will prompt the admin to select a tier (1-4) from a dropdown and input an amount, capped at 4 numbers before clicking either "Finalize" or "Cancel". 


Set Milestone Payouts and Tiers > opens a menu similar to the end of season payouts and tiers listed above and should function as a command that allows the admin to set the career win milestone tier win qualifiers as well as the designated payout that is triggered when the milestone win totals are achieved). can be pageinated to fit all tiers if needed. each tier and the payout should be listed on their own row with an edit button as above and a cancel button at the bottom of the message. if edit is clicked, a pop up should display the current milestone level you clicked and its payout. it should ask the admin to input a new integer for the win count, must be a positive number, and also ask for an numerical input for the payout amount, capped at 4 numbers. pop up should have a "Finalize" button and a "Cancel" button as well. 